# B2G-UC1-MoJDataReporting-07-Apply-to-Opportunity-Seller

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="233"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use Case Step</td><td>Use Case: Ministry of Justice - HMPPS Data &#x26; Reporting platform, Step: Registration (Public Sector buyer)</td></tr><tr><td><p>Preconditions</p><p>(list of conditions that MUST be met in order to be able to successfully execute this process)</p></td><td><p>·         The supplier has an account  </p><p>·         The supplier is on the framework</p><p>·         Buyer has published an opportunity on the marketplace</p><p>·         Buyer has checked that they have authority and approval to spend money on a product/service</p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Data inputs</td><td>1.      </td></tr><tr><td><p>Actors</p><p>(the people, organizations, computer systems - hardware and software, and building blocks that participate in the activity)</p></td><td><p>Human: Supplier</p><p>System:</p></td></tr><tr><td>Normal Course (what happens if the event is triggered and the preconditions have been met)</td><td><p>Supplier browses opportunities. Supplier asks for further information. Buyer responds to question. Supplier applies for opportunity. Buyer evaluates supplier responses. Buyer shortlists suitable suppliers. Buyers assess shortlisted suppliers. Successful supplier awarded a call-off contract.</p><p>Step 1: Supplier browses published opportunities:</p><p>1.      View as list (default sorting is by publish date)</p><p>2.      Browse by Lot</p><p>3.      Filter by service type</p><p>4.      Filter by feature</p><p>  </p><p>Step 2: Supplier views an opportunity</p><p>1.      Views the information contained from <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WxpnBnT7pMBlb5P37VV7UaKkBg0EhX4LsGK7IKdg-nQ/edit">MP-03</a></p><p>2.      Views number of complete and incomplete applications by other suppliers (optional - can view SME vs large supplier stats)</p><p>3.      Views published list of Supplier Questions and Answers<br></p><p>Step 3: Supplier ask a question</p><p>1.      Supplier selects to submit a question</p><p>2.      Supplier logs in</p><p>3.      Supplier views question submission page</p><p>4.     Supplier writes questions</p><p>5.      Supplier submits the question</p><p>6.      Supplier is notified that the question has been submitted and informed of timeframes for responses</p><p>7.      Supplier returns to opportunity page</p><p>8.      Government owner is notified of a new question</p><p>9.     Government owner redacts any identifying content from the question</p><p>10.  Government owner writes the response to the question</p><p>11.  Government owner publishes the question and answer (individually or as a batch of Q&#x26;As). </p><p>12.      Any public visitor can see the question and answer listed on the Opportunity page.</p><p></p><p>Step 4: Supplier applies for opportunity:</p><p>1.      Supplier selects to apply for the opportunity</p><p>2.      Supplier logs in</p><p>3.     Supplier views application page</p><p>4.     Supplier submits evidence for each ‘essential skills and experience’ section.</p><p>5.     Supplier submits evidence for each ‘nice-to-have skills and experience’ section.</p><p>6.     Supplier provides contact email address</p><p>7.     Supplier provides a start date</p><p>8.     Supplier provides a day rate (if required)</p><p></p><p>Step 5: Buyer shortlists suppliers:</p><p>1.      Buyer is sent all supplier submissions after the opportunity is closed (fair practice)</p><p>2.      Buyer scores supplier applications to create a shortlist based on:</p><ul><li>whether the day rate is within their budget (if applicable)</li><li>whether the supplier can start by the latest start date in their requirements</li><li>the number of nice-to-have requirements suppliers say they have</li><li>the evidence the suppliers provide of their skills and experience</li><li>how well the supplier meets any other shortlisting criteria</li></ul><p>2.      Suppliers are notified whether they are shortlisted or not. Shortlisted suppliers are informed of the next evaluation phase process and timelines.</p><p></p><p>Step 6: Buyer evaluates supplier:</p><p>1.      Buyer contacts shortlisted suppliers and invites them to evaluation stage - what information is required and when.</p><p>2.      Buyer assesses the supplier (e.g. work history, written proposal, presentation)</p><p>3.     Buyer scores application based on the criteria and weightings they published in the opportunity</p><p>4.     Buyer awards the winning supplier - the one with the highest overall score.</p><p>5.     Buyer notifies Suppliers that they are successful or unsuccessful.</p><p>6.     Buyer provides unsuccessful suppliers with feedback. Suppliers can request scoring and results (fair and open)</p><p><br>Step 7: Buyer awards call-off contract:</p><p>1.      Order forms vary between frameworks. They can ask for details of:</p><ul><li>the buyer and the supplier contact details</li><li>the agreed service start and expiry date (maximum 24 months)</li><li>the service description</li><li>the quantity of the service required</li><li>the total contract value (including a breakdown of smaller costs) and how to pay</li><li>service deliverables, for example what needs to be done, and by when</li><li>things that must be completed before the service can go live</li><li>the supplier’s liability and insurance</li><li>the terms and conditions under which the supplier will provide their service</li><li>notice period for ending a contract</li><li>commercially sensitive information</li><li>third parties</li><li>staff vetting procedures</li><li>where the services will be delivered</li></ul><p>2.      Supplier signs the call-off contract</p><p>3.      Buyer co-signs the contract </p><p>4.      Supplier can start work once signed by both parties</p><p>5.      Buyer publishes details of the completed contract (e.g. on Contracts Finder in the UK).</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Alternative Course</p><p>(links to other use cases in case there are different ways how to solve the same use case)</p></td><td>Other frameworks can be based on a catalogue-style offering. In this case, Buyers do not publish an opportunity. Suppliers publish their service offerings instead. See<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/18LQDph16xi5pQzlWqegxfK5eCQZazJQCTbIHFqfTI6o/edit"> MP-08</a> for this buying flow.</td></tr><tr><td>Data output</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>Post-Conditions (the success criteria)</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td><p>Exceptions</p><p>(error situations)</p></td><td>·          </td></tr><tr><td><p>Related BBs</p><p>(working groups related to this example implementation)</p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Sequence Diagram</td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table>
