# B2G-UC1-MoJDataReporting-01-Registration-Buyer

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="206"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use Case Step</td><td>Use Case: Ministry of Justice - HMPPS Data &#x26; Reporting platform, Step: Registration (Public Sector buyer)</td></tr><tr><td><p>Preconditions</p><p>(list of conditions that MUST be met in order to be able to successfully execute this process)</p></td><td><p>·         The buyer must be employed by, or represent, a public sector organisation.</p><p>·         The buyer has a work email address to create an account OR</p><p>·         The buyer has successfully logged into their government SSO (Registration BB) and has the necessary authorization to complete the registration process.</p><p>·         Data sharing agreement between Registration BB and respective registries where information is queried from has been signed (contract) and respective REST API services in Information Mediator has been opened to Registration BB.</p><p>·         The buyer email address domain is held on, or can be added to, a registry with approved or authenticated public sector domains.  </p></td></tr><tr><td>Data inputs</td><td><p>1.      Email address</p><p>2.      Password</p><p>3.      Name</p><p>4.      Organisation</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Actors</p><p>(the people, organizations, computer systems - hardware and software, and building blocks that participate in the activity)</p></td><td><p>Human: Public sector worker, System Administrator</p><p>System:</p><p>·         Digital Registries BB</p><p>·         Identity BB</p><p>·         Consent BB</p><p>·         Messaging BB</p><p>·         Information Mediator BB</p></td></tr><tr><td>Normal Course (what happens if the event is triggered and the preconditions have been met)</td><td><p>Create a buyer account: Registration page provides a high level explanation of what is needed and process to create an account. “You must be employed by, or represent, a public sector organisation. Use your work email address to create an account. We use this to check that you are part of a public sector organisation. We will send an account activation email to this address. You will then be able to set your password.”</p><p>Step 1: The public sector worker enters their email address to create an account:</p><p>1.      Enter email address</p><p>2.      Validate email address structure</p><p>3.      Confirm ‘Create account’ </p><p>Step 2: The application submits the email address to the relevant Digital Registries BB to verify it belongs to an authorised public sector organisation.</p><p>Step 3: The application sends an email to the public sector worker with a URL to complete account creation.</p><p>Step 4: The public sector worker completes account creation:</p><p>1.      Click on link in email</p><p>2.      Create account password</p><p>3.      Confirm </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Alternative Course</p><p>(links to other use cases in case there are different ways how to solve the same use case)</p></td><td><p>If the public sector worker does not have an email address recognised by the registry, the registration application needs to provide an alternate mechanism for the worker to request an account.</p><p>1.  System Administrator confirms the domain is valid and adds to the registry.</p><p>2.  Public sector worker is notified and sent a link to create an account (URL to registration page)</p></td></tr><tr><td>Data output</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>Post-Conditions (the success criteria)</td><td>The buyer is registered and can access buyer-only areas of the marketplace.</td></tr><tr><td><p>Exceptions</p><p>(error situations)</p></td><td><p>·         A buyer can be only registered once. The system must prevent multiple registrations.</p><p>o    Provide details on exception code and message</p><p>o    Mitigation steps: Describe steps to be taken by the actors</p><p>·         If the buyer does not have an email address with a domain registered in the Registry, then it is not possible to create an account (no personal emails).</p><p>o    Provide details on exception code and message</p><p>o    Mitigation steps: Describe steps to be taken by the actors</p><p>·         If Identity BB or Consent BB is not available (service outage), then …..</p><p>o    Mitigation steps: Describe steps to be taken by the actors</p><p>·         If no internet, then the system is not available.</p><p>o    Mitigation steps: Display error page</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Related BBs</p><p>(working groups related to this example implementation)</p></td><td><p>Identity BB</p><p>Approval BB</p><p>Registration BB</p><p>Digital Registries BB</p></td></tr><tr><td>Sequence Diagram</td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table>
