# B2G-UC1-MoJDataReporting-06-Award-Framework-Gov-Admin

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="230"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use Case Step</td><td>Use Case: Ministry of Justice - HMPPS Data &#x26; Reporting platform, Step: Award Framework (Government Owner)</td></tr><tr><td><p>Preconditions</p><p>(list of conditions that MUST be met in order to be able to successfully execute this process)</p></td><td><p>·         Framework application date has passed</p><p>·         Government owner has authority and access to supplier submissions.</p><p>·         There is no other access permitted to supplier submissions prior to award, except for approved technical or operational reasons.</p><p><br><br><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Data inputs</td><td><p>1.      Evaluation criteria</p><p>2.      Supplier submissions </p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Actors</p><p>(the people, organizations, computer systems - hardware and software, and building blocks that participate in the activity)</p></td><td><p>Human: Government owner, Sellers</p><p>System:</p><p>·         Digital Registries BB</p><p>·         Identity BB</p><p>·         Consent BB</p><p>·         Messaging BB</p><p>·         Information Mediator BB</p></td></tr><tr><td>Normal Course (what happens if the event is triggered and the preconditions have been met)</td><td><p>Evaluate and award a new framework: The framework applications period has ended. Completed supplier applications are evaluated. Successful suppliers are awarded framework contracts (this does not guarantee work). Unsuccessful suppliers are notified that they were not successful and have an opportunity to challenge their status during a ‘standstill period’ before the framework is open to buyers and successful suppliers. </p><p>Step 1: The government owner performs assurance verification on services to ensure they match the information provided in supplier applications.<br><br>Note that in the UK, suppliers self-declare conformance on some frameworks. Hence these checks may only be on a select number of services, not across all of them.</p><p>Step 2: Suppliers who comply with evaluation criteria are marked as successful. Suppliers who do not comply with all evaluation criteria are marked as unsuccessful.</p><p>Step 3: After all supplier submissions have been evaluated, suppliers are notified whether or not they have been successful.</p><p>Step 4:  A standstill period may follow (optional). During this period, unsuccessful suppliers have the opportunity to challenge the decision and the framework itself. If successful, they may be accepted onto the framework.</p><p>Step 5:  After standstill, the government owner sends the framework contract to the successful suppliers for their signature. (E.G. request for e-signature and initials in relevant places online on their contract in their e-marketplace account).</p><p>Step 6:  The supplier signs the framework agreement</p><p>Step 7:  The government owner checks the returned agreement (e.g. correct person signing, signatures and / or initials are correct and match, no changes made to the agreement).</p><p>Step 8:  The government owner co-signs the framework agreement.</p><p>Step 9:  The supplier is notified that the framework is signed and can download a copy. They are informed of next steps e.g. timelines of when and how they can start selling to government.</p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Alternative Course</p><p>(links to other use cases in case there are different ways how to solve the same use case)</p></td><td><p>Rejections</p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Data output</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>Post-Conditions (the success criteria)</td><td><p>.After suppliers have been accepted on to a framework, the Government owner:</p><ul><li>monitors supplier credit scores, for example Experian credit scores and Dun &#x26; Bradstreet financial stress scores</li><li>investigates specific queries raised about suppliers</li><li>performs assurance verification on services to ensure they match the information provided in supplier applications</li></ul><p>Non-compliant suppliers may be removed from the framework.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Exceptions</p><p>(error situations)</p></td><td>·         </td></tr><tr><td><p>Related BBs</p><p>(working groups related to this example implementation)</p></td><td><p>Identity BB</p><p>Approval BB</p><p>Registration BB</p><p>Digital Registries BB</p></td></tr><tr><td>Sequence Diagram</td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table>
