# B2G-UC1-MoJDataReporting-03-Publish-Opportunity-Buyer

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="207"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use Case Step</td><td>Use Case: Ministry of Justice - HMPPS Data &#x26; Reporting platform, <strong>Step: Registration (Public Sector buyer)</strong></td></tr><tr><td><p>Preconditions</p><p>(list of conditions that MUST be met in order to be able to successfully execute this process)</p></td><td><p>·         The buyer has an account  </p><p>·         Buyer is logged in</p></td></tr><tr><td>Data inputs</td><td><p>1.      Title</p><p>2.      Deadline for submissions</p><p>3.      Requirements</p><p>4.      Evaluation criteria</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Actors</p><p>(the people, organizations, computer systems - hardware and software, and building blocks that participate in the activity)</p></td><td><p>Human: Buyer</p><p>System:</p></td></tr><tr><td>Normal Course (what happens if the event is triggered and the preconditions have been met)</td><td><p>Create an opportunity (draft)</p><p>Step 1: Write requirements:</p><p>1.      Title</p><p>2.      Location</p><p>3.      Description of work  </p><p>Step 2: Description of work</p><p>1.      Summary of the work</p><p>2.      Latest start date</p><p>3.      Expected contract length</p><p>4.      Location</p><p>5.      Organisation the work is for</p><p>6.      Budget range</p><p>7.      Why the work is being done</p><p>8.      Problem to be solved</p><p>9.      Who the users are and what they need to do</p><p>10.  Early market engagement</p><p>11.  Any work that’s already been done</p><p>12.  Existing team</p><p>13.  Current phase</p><p>14.  Where the work will take place</p><p>15.  Working arrangements</p><p>16.  Security clearance</p><p>17.  Additional terms and conditions  </p><p>Step 3: Evaluation Process</p><p>1.      How many suppliers will be evaluated</p><p>2.      Weighting criteria (e.g. technical competence, cultural fit, price)</p><p>3.      Weighting percentages (e.g. technical competence 50%, cultural fit 20%, price 30%)</p><p>4.      Essential skills or experience</p><p>5.      Nice to have skills or experience</p><p>6.      Proposal criteria</p><p>7.      Cultural fit criteria</p><p>8.      Payment approach (e.g. capped time and materials)</p><p>9.      Additional assessment methods (e.g. written proposal, case study, presentation)</p><p>10.  Option to edit each of the above sections</p><p>11.  Confirm ‘Return to overview </p><p>Step 4: Review and publish:</p><p>1.      View overview</p><p>2.      Edit any section individually</p><p>3.      Publish (with extra confirmation step)</p><p>Step 5: Opportunity published:</p><p>1.      Email sent to suppliers who registered for notifications and updates of new opportunities</p><p>2.      Opportunity published and visible on the Digital Marketplace</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Alternative Course</p><p>(links to other use cases in case there are different ways how to solve the same use case)</p></td><td>Other frameworks can be based on a catalogue-style offering. In this case, Buyers do not publish an opportunity. Suppliers publish their service offerings instead. </td></tr><tr><td>Data output</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>Post-Conditions (the success criteria)</td><td>Suppliers can ask questions and make an application whilst the opportunity is open.</td></tr><tr><td><p>Exceptions</p><p>(error situations)</p></td><td>·          </td></tr><tr><td><p>Related BBs</p><p>(working groups related to this example implementation)</p></td><td><br></td></tr><tr><td>Sequence Diagram</td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table>
