# B2G-UC1-MoJDataReporting-05-Apply-To-Framework-Supplier

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="221"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Use Case Step</td><td>Use Case: Ministry of Justice - HMPPS Data &#x26; Reporting platform, Step: Apply to Framework (Supplier)</td></tr><tr><td><p>Preconditions</p><p>(list of conditions that MUST be met in order to be able to successfully execute this process)</p></td><td><p>·         Supplier has a registered account</p><p>·         The framework is open for submissions</p><p>·         Only a supplier has access to their submission - Government workers are not able to view or access any content until the framework deadline and applications are closed.</p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Data inputs</td><td><p>1.      </p><p><br></p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Actors</p><p>(the people, organizations, computer systems - hardware and software, and building blocks that participate in the activity)</p></td><td><p>Human: Government owner, Sellers</p><p>System:</p><p>·         Digital Registries BB</p><p>·         Identity BB</p><p>·         Consent BB</p><p>·         Messaging BB</p><p>·         Information Mediator BB</p></td></tr><tr><td>Normal Course (what happens if the event is triggered and the preconditions have been met)</td><td><p>Add a new framework: The framework is opened. Suppliers apply to be on the framework. Their applications are evaluated. Successful suppliers are awarded framework contracts (this does not guarantee work). Unsuccessful suppliers are notified that they were not successful and have an opportunity to challenge their status during a ‘standstill period’ before the framework is open to buyers and successful suppliers. </p><p>Step 1: The framework gets to its ‘open for submissions’ date.</p><p>Step 2: The supplier receives a notification (email or text) informing them that the framework is open.</p><p>Step 3: The supplier goes to the Marketplace homepage</p><p>Step 4:  The supplier clicks on the ‘Supplier applications’ link</p><p>Step 5:  The supplier logs in</p><p>Step 6:  The supplier views the following sections:</p><ol><li>Framework documentation</li><li>Supplier declaration</li><li>Supplier products and services</li><li>Clarification questions</li><li>Guidance</li></ol><p>Step 7:  The supplier downloads the framework documentation to the desktop.</p><p>Step 8:  The supplier completes the information on the ‘Supplier declaration’ section.</p><p>Step 9:  The supplier visits the ‘Supplier products and services’ section.</p><p>Step10:  The supplier selects the Lots which they are applying for.</p><p>Step 11:  The supplier provides information, for each Lot, on the supplier’s services and products (as set up by the Government owner per MP 04).</p><p>Step 12:  The supplier uploads documents (e.g. pricing, terms and conditions, service definition document, rate card) for each product, if required (as set up by the Government owner per MP04).</p><p>Step 13:  The supplier’s work is auto-saved as they go.</p><p>Step 14:  The supplier goes to the Clarification questions section during the period that questions are open:</p><ol><li>The supplier views the existing set of questions and answers.</li><li>The supplier submits a question (e.g. “Is sub-contracting permitted?”)</li><li>The Government owner is notified of new clarification questions.</li><li>The Government owner responds to the question. They redact any information that identifies the question’s author (e.g. company or name).</li><li>The Government owner bulk publishes the questions and the responses - allowing de-duplication. </li><li>The questions and answers are visible in the list of clarification questions. Any registered supplier who is applying for the framework can view these.</li><li>Suppliers are notified when new clarification questions are published.</li></ol><p>Step 16:  The supplier can see if they have any missing information or outstanding actions on their application.</p><p>Step 16:  The supplier is notified if their application is incomplete and they are approaching the submission deadline date. </p><p>Step 17:  The supplier reviews all sections of their applications.</p><p>Step 18:  The supplier submits their application.</p><p>Step 19:  The supplier receives a notification informing them that their application has been received, and information regarding next steps and timelines for evaluation and award.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Alternative Course</p><p>(links to other use cases in case there are different ways how to solve the same use case)</p></td><td><p>Step 14a:  The supplier goes to the Clarification questions section after the clarification period has closed:</p><ol><li>The supplier views the existing set of questions and answers.</li><li>The supplier cannot submits a question</li><li>It clearly states when the clarification period ran, and that it is no longer possible to submit new questions.</li></ol><p>Step 18a:  The supplier does not submit their application before the deadline.</p><ol><li>The supplier is informed that their application was incomplete and not submitted. So they will not be accepted on the framework.</li></ol><p><br><br></p></td></tr><tr><td>Data output</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>Post-Conditions (the success criteria)</td><td>.</td></tr><tr><td><p>Exceptions</p><p>(error situations)</p></td><td>·      </td></tr><tr><td><p>Related BBs</p><p>(working groups related to this example implementation)</p></td><td><p>Identity BB</p><p>Approval BB</p><p>Registration BB</p><p>Digital Registries BB</p></td></tr><tr><td>Sequence Diagram</td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table>
